Well, I rolled and I tumbled, cried the whole night long

Well, I rolled and I tumbled, cried the whole night long

Well, I woke up this mornin', didn't know right from wrong



Well, I told my baby, before I left that town

Well, I told my baby, before I left that town

Well, don't you let nobody, tear my 
barrelhouse

down



Well, ahh, mmm-hmmm, owww, oww ooo, aww, oww, oh

Aaa, mmm-hmmm, oww, oh oh oh owww, oww ooo, aww, oww, oh



Well, if the river was whiskey, and I was a divin' duck

Well, if the river was whiskey, and I was a divin' duck

Well, I would dive to the bottom, never would I come up



Well, I could a had a religion, this bad old thing instead

Well, I could a had a religion, this bad old thing instead

Well, all whiskey and women, would not let me pray
Well, there's one kind of favor I'll ask of you
Well, there's one kind of favor I'll ask of you
There's just one kind of favor I'll ask of you
You can see that my grave is kept clean
And there's two white horses following me
And there's two white horses following me
I got two white horses following me
Waiting on my burying ground
Did you ever hear that coffin' sound
Have you ever heard that coffin' sound
Did you ever hear that coffin' sound
Means another poor boy is under ground
Did you ever hear them church bells tone
Have you ever hear'd them church bells tone
Did you ever hear them church bells tone
Means another poor boy is dead and gone
Well, my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
And, my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
Well, my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
Now I believe what the bible told
There's just one last favor I'll ask of you
And there's one last favor I'll ask of you
There's just one last favor I'll ask of you
See that my grave is kept clean
I went down to old Joe's bar room, on the corner by the square
Well, the drinks were bein' served as usual, and this motley crowd
was there
Well, on my left stood Joe McKennedy, and his eyes were bloodshot
red
When he told me that sad story, these were the words he said:
I went down to the St. James infirmary, I saw my baby there
She was stretched out on a long white table, so cold, and fine, and
fair
Go ahead!
Let her go, let her go, God bless her, wherever she may be
She can search this world over, never find another man like me
Yes, sixteen coal black horses, to pull that rubber tied hack
Well, it's seventeen miles to the graveyard, but my baby's never
comin' back
Well, now you've heard my story, well, have another round of
booze
And if anyone should ever, ever ask you, I've got the St. James
infirmary blues!
Cryin' Lord, I wonder will I, ever ooo get back ho-ooome ?
Cryin' Lord, I wonder will I, ever ooo get back ho-ooome ?
I wonder ooo, will I ever ooo-hoo get back ho-ooome?
Said I walked and I'm wondering, cryin' all night lo-oong
Said I walked and I'm wondering, cryin' all night lo-oong
Cryin' I wonder ooo, will I ever ooo-hoo, get back ho-oome?
So many days I done traveling, way-sided more
So many days I done traveling, way-sided more
Wonder if possible, ooo, will I ever, ooo get back ho-oome?
(It'll get better)
You will never ever, see me any more
You will never ever, see me any more
But you'll never ooo, forget the day, I knocked hoo-ooo on your
door
And Lord, I wonder will I, ooo-ooo ever get back ho-oome?
Cryin' Lord I wonder will I, ooo-ooo ever get back ho-oome?
Cryin' I wonder ooo, will I ever, ooo-hoo, get back home?